README.md, before:


---

# Hello, my name is Igor! 

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td><img src="assets/icons/techstack.gif" width="190" height="190" alt="techstack"></td>
    <td>
      <pre><code>
      UAHIG { 
        position: Poland; 
        height: 187cm; 
        display: boy; 
        background: engineer; 
        color: white;
      }
      </code></pre>
    </td>
    <td><img src="assets/icons/ScrUserPhoto.png" width="100%" height="100%" alt="ProfilePhoto"/></td>
    <td>
      <table>
        <tr>
          <td><a href="README.md"><img src="assets/icons/united-kingdom.png" height="40"> English</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><a href="README_ua.md"><img src="assets/icons/ukraine.png" height="40">Ukraine</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><a href="README_pl.md"><img src="assets/icons/republic-of-poland.png" height="40"> Polska</a></td>
        </tr>
         <tr>
          <td><a href="README_ru.md"><img src="assets/icons/russia.png" height="40">Russian</a></td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

### :man_technologist: Briefly About Myself: 

Currently, I am studying programming, and as a creative individual, I have been inspired by the prospect of working as a Frontend Developer.

 I started my career as a design engineer in 2005. Since 2007, I have been working in an innovative flexible packaging manufacturing company, progressing from a production preparation engineer to the position of Chief Technologist.

I strive for self-improvement and constantly expand my knowledge and skills. My goal is professional growth and achieving outstanding results that contribute to the success of the company. I am willing to take responsibility and work in a dynamic environment where I can make a contribution and develop professionally.

<p align="center">
 <img width="600" src="assets/github-snake.svg" alt="snake"/>
</p>

- :telescope: Java Script learn.javascript.ru Course !

- :seedling: EPAM Front-End Self-Paced Online Program!

- :zap: RS School Course «JavaScript/Front-end. Stage 0» (in progress)
---
### :mailbox: Contact me:  [![Telegram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TELEGRAM-blue?style=flat&logo=Telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/bor_kit) [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-red?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:golosnyyigor@gmail.com) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/uahig) <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="50px">

- :heavy_check_mark: **My CV**: Download PDF: [![CV Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-IgorGolosnyy-green?style=plastic&logo=GoogleDrive&logoColor=black)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/178gkMCcfv-SZ_zgjK8ukMc5gLsuD3cJj/view?usp=sharing)
- :heavy_check_mark: **My Page**: FrontendGolosnyy: [![CV Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-IgorGolosnyy-green?style=plastic&logo=GoogleDrive&logoColor=black)](https://uahig.github.io/CV-Frontend-Golosnyy) 
---
### :briefcase: My projects:
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-BoiNK-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/store/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LibraryLandingPage-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/Library-LandingPage/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JSPocketGame-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/JS-PocketGame/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CoffeHouse-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/Coffe-house/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JSAudioPlayer-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/JS-AudioPlayer/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Aurora-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/Aurora/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-YouTubeClone-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/Youtube-clone/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MemeSliderOnlyCSS-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/MemeSlider-onlyCSS/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-APIImageGallery-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/API_Image-Gallery/)
---
### 🤝 Social networks:

  <div id="badges">
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/uahig" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/2504/2504799.png" width="40" height="40" alt="linkedin" />
    </a>&nbsp
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgcxZzGi8XoV2yLlTaeqKXw" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/3670/3670147.png" width="40" height="40" alt="Youtube"/>
    </a>&nbsp
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/igor.golosnyy" target="_blank">
      <img src="assets/icons/facebook.png" width="40" height="40" alt="Facebook"/>
    </a>&nbsp
  </div>

---

### 💻 Technologies:

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" title="git" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="html5" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" title="css" alt="css" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="javascript" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/jquery/jquery-original-wordmark.svg" title="jquery" alt="jquery" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/json/json-ar21.svg">&nbsp
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" title="reactjs" alt="reactjs" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" title="nodejs" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/express/express-original.svg" title="express" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" title="mongodb" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/c/c-plain.svg" title="C" alt="C" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" title="sass/scss" alt="sass/scss" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" title="webpack" alt="webpack" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" title="redux" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
</div>

---

### Code example: <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="60px">
```javascript
function Counter() { let count = 0;
this.up = function() { return ++count; }; this.down = function() { return –count; }; }
let counter = new Counter();
alert( counter.up() ); alert( counter.up() ); alert( counter.down() );
```
### 🛠 Tools:

<div>
 <!-- <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/90/DaVinci_Resolve_17_logo.svg" title="DaVinci Resolve" alt="DaVinci Resolve" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" title="photoshop" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/canva/canva-original.svg" title="canva" alt="canva" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" title="figma" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9e/YouTube_Logo_%282013-2017%29.svg" title="YouTube" alt="YouTube" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/raspberrypi/raspberrypi-original.svg" title="raspberrypi" alt="raspberrypi" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" title="linux" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <!-- <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/Notion-logo.svg" title="Notion" alt="Notion" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
</div>

---

 ### 💻 Courses:

| Course:                                                         | Date:             |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------| :---------------: |
| Java Script learn.javascript.ru Course                          | 02/2022 - 05/2022 |
| EPAM Front-End Self-Paced Online Program                        | 03/2022 - 08/2022 |
| RS School Course «JavaScript/Front-end. Stage 0»                | 07/2023 - 10/2023 |

### Languages:

- **English:** B1 INTERMEDIATE to B2 UPPER INTERMEDIATE, according to the guidelines set by the Common European Framework of Reference (CEFR).
- **Russian:** Native
- **Ukrainian:** Native
- **Polish** - In progress..

---

### 💻 Codewars:

![codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/rsschool_3397996251c38f76/badges/large)

### ⚙️ GitHub statistics:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <img align="left" src="http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=UAHIG&theme=dark&background=000000" alt="webDev's Github stats" />
    </td>
    <td>
      <img height="195px" align="right" alt="webDev's Github Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=UAHIG&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-dark" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- ![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=onedark)] -->

![Visitor Badge](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=GolosnyyIgor&left_text=MyPageVisitors)

<img src="assets/icons/he.png" alt="CrasyWorldOfProgramming"/>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated professional background
Updated personal description to reflect experience and skills as a Front-End Developer.

README.md, after:


---

# Hello, my name is Igor! 

<table align="center">
  <tr>
    <td><img src="assets/icons/techstack.gif" width="190" height="190" alt="techstack"></td>
    <td>
      <pre><code>
      UAHIG { 
        position: Poland; 
        height: 187cm; 
        display: boy; 
        background: engineer; 
        color: white;
      }
      </code></pre>
    </td>
    <td><img src="assets/icons/ScrUserPhoto.png" width="100%" height="100%" alt="ProfilePhoto"/></td>
    <td>
      <table>
        <tr>
          <td><a href="README.md"><img src="assets/icons/united-kingdom.png" height="40"> English</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><a href="README_ua.md"><img src="assets/icons/ukraine.png" height="40">Ukraine</a></td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td><a href="README_pl.md"><img src="assets/icons/republic-of-poland.png" height="40"> Polska</a></td>
        </tr>
         <tr>
          <td><a href="README_ru.md"><img src="assets/icons/russia.png" height="40">Russian</a></td>
        </tr>
      </table>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

---

### :man_technologist: Briefly About Myself: 

Front-End Developer with 2+ years of experience, delivering solutions for both remote and on-site projects.

Experienced in end-to-end development — from gathering requirements and designing UI/UX to implementing responsive designs, accessibility, and high test coverage. Skilled in building scalable React, Redux, and TypeScript applications with a focus on performance and clean architecture.

Passionate about modern web technologies, design systems, and emerging AI-assisted development tools. I enjoy writing technical articles, contributing to open-source, and showcasing my work to prospective clients.


<p align="center">
 <img width="600" src="assets/github-snake.svg" alt="snake"/>
</p>

- :telescope: Java Script learn.javascript.ru Course !

- :seedling: EPAM Front-End Self-Paced Online Program!

- :zap: RS School Course «JavaScript/Front-end. Stage 0» (in progress)
---
### :mailbox: Contact me:  [![Telegram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TELEGRAM-blue?style=flat&logo=Telegram&logoColor=white)](https://t.me/bor_kit) [![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-red?style=flat&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:golosnyyigor@gmail.com) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linkedin-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/uahig) <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="50px">

- :heavy_check_mark: **My CV**: Download PDF: [![CV Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-IgorGolosnyy-green?style=plastic&logo=GoogleDrive&logoColor=black)](https://drive.google.com/file/d/178gkMCcfv-SZ_zgjK8ukMc5gLsuD3cJj/view?usp=sharing)
- :heavy_check_mark: **My Page**: FrontendGolosnyy: [![CV Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-IgorGolosnyy-green?style=plastic&logo=GoogleDrive&logoColor=black)](https://uahig.github.io/CV-Frontend-Golosnyy) 
---
### :briefcase: My projects:
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-BoiNK-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/store/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LibraryLandingPage-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/Library-LandingPage/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JSPocketGame-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/JS-PocketGame/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CoffeHouse-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/Coffe-house/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JSAudioPlayer-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/JS-AudioPlayer/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Aurora-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/Aurora/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-YouTubeClone-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/Youtube-clone/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MemeSliderOnlyCSS-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/MemeSlider-onlyCSS/)
- :link: [![Git Bage](https://img.shields.io/badge/-APIImageGallery-green?style=plastic&logo=googlechrome&logoColor=red)](https://uahig.github.io/API_Image-Gallery/)
---
### 🤝 Social networks:

  <div id="badges">
    <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/uahig" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/2504/2504799.png" width="40" height="40" alt="linkedin" />
    </a>&nbsp
    <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCgcxZzGi8XoV2yLlTaeqKXw" target="_blank">
      <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/3670/3670147.png" width="40" height="40" alt="Youtube"/>
    </a>&nbsp
    <a href="https://www.facebook.com/igor.golosnyy" target="_blank">
      <img src="assets/icons/facebook.png" width="40" height="40" alt="Facebook"/>
    </a>&nbsp
  </div>

---

### 💻 Technologies:

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/git/git-original.svg" title="git" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/html5/html5-original.svg" title="html5" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/css3/css3-original.svg" title="css" alt="css" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" title="javascript" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/jquery/jquery-original-wordmark.svg" title="jquery" alt="jquery" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp
  <img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/json/json-ar21.svg">&nbsp
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/react/react-original.svg" title="reactjs" alt="reactjs" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" title="nodejs" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/express/express-original.svg" title="express" alt="express" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mongodb/mongodb-original.svg" title="mongodb" alt="mongodb" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/c/c-plain.svg" title="C" alt="C" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg" title="sass/scss" alt="sass/scss" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/webpack/webpack-original.svg" title="webpack" alt="webpack" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
 <!-- <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" title="redux" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
</div>

---

### Code example: <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/WUlplcMpOCEmTGBtBW/giphy.gif" width="60px">
```javascript
function Counter() { let count = 0;
this.up = function() { return ++count; }; this.down = function() { return –count; }; }
let counter = new Counter();
alert( counter.up() ); alert( counter.up() ); alert( counter.down() );
```
### 🛠 Tools:

<div>
 <!-- <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/90/DaVinci_Resolve_17_logo.svg" title="DaVinci Resolve" alt="DaVinci Resolve" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" title="photoshop" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/canva/canva-original.svg" title="canva" alt="canva" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/figma/figma-original.svg" title="figma" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9e/YouTube_Logo_%282013-2017%29.svg" title="YouTube" alt="YouTube" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/raspberrypi/raspberrypi-original.svg" title="raspberrypi" alt="raspberrypi" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" title="linux" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp;
  <!-- <img src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/Notion-logo.svg" title="Notion" alt="Notion" width="40" height="40"/>&nbsp; -->
</div>

---

 ### 💻 Courses:

| Course:                                                         | Date:             |
| ----------------------------------------------------------------| :---------------: |
| Java Script learn.javascript.ru Course                          | 02/2022 - 05/2022 |
| EPAM Front-End Self-Paced Online Program                        | 03/2022 - 08/2022 |
| RS School Course «JavaScript/Front-end. Stage 0»                | 07/2023 - 10/2023 |

### Languages:

- **English:** B1 INTERMEDIATE to B2 UPPER INTERMEDIATE, according to the guidelines set by the Common European Framework of Reference (CEFR).
- **Russian:** Native
- **Ukrainian:** Native
- **Polish** - In progress..

---

### 💻 Codewars:

![codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/rsschool_3397996251c38f76/badges/large)

### ⚙️ GitHub statistics:

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <img align="left" src="http://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=UAHIG&theme=dark&background=000000" alt="webDev's Github stats" />
    </td>
    <td>
      <img height="195px" align="right" alt="webDev's Github Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=UAHIG&layout=compact&theme=vision-friendly-dark" />
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- ![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=ryo-ma&theme=onedark)] -->

![Visitor Badge](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=GolosnyyIgor&left_text=MyPageVisitors)

<img src="assets/icons/he.png" alt="CrasyWorldOfProgramming"/>
